look at what things I hadn't seen
this in fact we have commented on this on
some occasions that I hadn't seen
this and we are going to join it with another little thing I am going
to continue watching the Dallas video and
now comes the part of the defense between
quotes of Juan Guarnizo to Auronplay and
Beijing I know that Juan spoke out already like
at the end As if
we were already settling the issue of grooming
by lying already The screenshots the other
fool was putting the accent on the day
And when I didn't see anyway we were already at the
last last and over here in the chat You
were telling me that Juan had
spoken like this in a very light way
or something like that it doesn't sound to me that there was a
first pronunciation like very indirect
that we saw it live but I'm not
sure man my memory is already
terrible eh But anyway, I have to
add this to these stories about
Auron's brother that he uploaded in the
last hours that are going to leave us
indifferent okay there are some that I
think are a bit random like to
generate expectation for confu
but then we have This one that is  super
direct I am Latino but I despise those
who live near me because they are poor,
see there are many people who tell me that nothing
is random, that nothing of what they say is
nonsense and that everything has a
meaning but of course since I do not get it
I would like to think that no because I
can not live without not getting it not this
reference I think it is very clear No it
is not a secret that there are some
countries in Latin America where the standard of living
is lower No what is that Haha I am only
interested in money to be able to buy
injections watch out for this so as not to be a
cetacean since they disgust me and with that
money I hire let's see let's see about this part
of the injections to not get
fat this Raúl Raúl already said in the
previous stories about One And
if he knows this for some reason because I did not
know for example okay let's actually
now I just found out that no that you
can inject something to not to not
gain weight I know that there are like the
chaca they call it no in the neighborhoods they
call it the chaca that you inject to
get really strong while you're
at the gym No and you can  snapped
not there to lose weight but to exercise
at the same time no and so on no and with that money I
hire someone from my circle to
put the pizarrí in my partner
since with the injections I can't get an
erection poor [ __ ] or lack street
glue with butter I don't know who
this would be about that he said eh I don't need to
upload two hour videos Let's see
first the meme grandpa why are you going so
fast in the opposite direction
Grandma is waiting for us but she
's dead exactly no I don't need to
upload two hour videos of
absolute truths taken from my testicles nor
money nor saber cleanings to release
four factors and go to sleep so
peacefully you see it is that there are things that
with the explanation and the
personalized seal I think it's clear that I'm
talking about bizarrap from the outside everything
looks dirty the brother wanting to make him
angry but he defends isma with everything
Juan did saying that he shouldn't believe
anything when he started defending auron he had
fallen into those points Beatriz On the
one hand I had thought about that that
the brother with it Claro  what is and so on and the
thing about
wismichu's innuendos hasn't bothered her the things that
wismichu has published and then Juan's thing about not
believing the dala No I don't
think he even thought about that
moment I think that Juan saying
not to believe Dallas It's simply
because of them, because of him and his wife, he didn't
realize and he didn't think about that Oh it's that
Dallas has defended one no What's wrong with you, my
chest hurts What's wrong with you, my chest hurts
when I twist Look at this gentleman It
's me well don't cough Haha Greetings Thanks
beast let go of my hand please
Because thanks to this nonsense of course
Damn my chest hurts then well you should have
studied eh you should have studied to
know this eh kids I'm very humble you
see me because I'm very funny not because
I show more envelopes that are talking about
Texas Please make donations because I have to
buy insulin on the black market
to inject myself and not gain weight and force
Milhouse to do it Although then I
have to chisel my friends because if he
puts it in  pizza inside like a
turtle's head but the richest people spend more money
as you are poor fat and ugly you can't
understand me let's watch this part of the
video the
auronmente issue that these two fake ones
hadn't defended in the least
supposedly they were his best friends they
went on a trip together I think
twice they kept uploading pictures with
them Oh yes they are my best friends I
love them then they were mocking me
ideally they were capable not a single
word in their favor we
talked about this a little word from
them when they were talking about
xenophobia racism and such [ __ ] a
little word from them would have
helped the same as from ibai but let's
see ibai no no he doesn't say he's not going on
vacation with it nor does he say his best
friends it
turns out that Juan did say a few
words but to say this it was better to
say absolutely nothing the two
highest rated comments on this video
explicitly say that Dallas defended
someone better than his supposed friend And that
Dalas for a victim of Aurora in
his couple comment says
much more respectful and neutral than the
supposed friends
basically during the entire first
half of the video the first three
quarters
Oh I don't need  nobody I am a stre
the first three quarters or rather there was a very
long video of Juan talking about the
subject then the last quarter of the video is
dedicated to attacking me Without saying my
name but using the same words
that I have used now to attack me you do not
believe me I want you to see it is a level of
atological narcissism look at this
is supposedly a clip where he defends
aurontico defends auron being a
piece of narcissist an egocentric of
great care I do not need at this
moment of my life and absolutely nobody
to support myself I do not need to be in good
with anybody out of obligation I swear that I
could not tell you both on a
media level as on an economic level as on a
work level as on a personal level I
swear that I do not Friends I am the ninth
most followed channel in the world if you believe
that by this point in my life I surely
understood A little the context That is
because people were telling him what do you
think about the subject of auron and Beijing
what he did was act like this and
eat it himself Glock Tell me the biggest in the
world as if wanting to say that you
need to talk about that subject because  you are
very famous and very followed unfortunately
unfortunately of people as climber
traitorous and false as you you betray
your own friends and you hang out with whoever it takes
for interest at the
specifically convenient moment because it will give
is repulsive unfortunately you are a channel
so followed really I mean he does not
defend you or even listen to the least
and I have been disrespected me
to my community and get closer mine very
close both in front of the camera and
behind the cameras I think that the
vast majority of coworkers
can speak very well of me They can
say that I am a kind person I am a
respectful person and I do not have
respect for you I do not have it and I assure you I just
don't understand why you are bringing up
if they are asking him about the
Dallas issue why he is bringing up that I don't
need anyone I would like to have
seen the context more maybe not to
see if I catch him in that video they claim
his friendship with aura he responds that he does not
need anyone but still says not to
believe anything about Dallas when the first
video that defended them very dirty because he
is asking there not to believe Dallas
and Dallas There he is defending  auron
no, you know how
I was taking this with the fact that they have
insulted me in front of the camera and people
close to me I was taking it like that more than
many people no that maybe they have
not come to defend
auron
they defended them when Dallas
attacked him and it's like calm Sorry, one thing
is your controversy with Dallas that is
between you and another thing is that he is
defaming you with very big accusations
to finish I leave you a phrase that I
think is great that is that he who does
not know his history is condemned to
repeat it it was not for dala that was an
answer to the question of Why did not they
defend auron okay But what he is
saying is not because of Dallas, they have
disrespected me for half an hour I do
not spend half an hour being insulted in a
video that was not for Dallas that Oh it
was because of the choca this he asked when they
were with the fuss of the choca that they
spoke in private then they blocked each other
But then why did he say that
I have been disrespected in front of and
behind the camera even my
close ones because of good lolas  for the
good lolas Chiqui is wrong
about Dalas because Dallas No, of course, since he does
n't say the name, these people have the
habit of not saying the name, not saying you
know the name, no, if you're going to talk about
choca, for [ __ ] sake, leave it there, well This is
for choca, choca you this, this, and
good Chiqui, [ __ ], the truth is, they don't
know at this moment the Lore, I don't know what it's
worth when that person
suddenly screws up again, he goes from being a
past to being an idiot again. Wow, the look of
Costco, friend, have you heard that?
I, having been Auron's number one enemy
for many years in
2013, I never got anything good from him. I
think he's referring to choca
when chocó screws up again and you
dedicate yourself to attacking me when I
depended on what you did and you
stall me when my word is to
defend someone who is supposed to be
his friend, I mean, in this video he doesn't defend
himself in the least, the dick and then
attacks me, he spends a good time
attacking me, what you want is to not
talk about the subject of  auron and at the same
time I don't have the credibility to be
able to defend someone who
supposedly this friend what a piece
of false hypocrite you really are what
level and continue because he really spends some
time doing this I'm not going to put everything
but don't give the weight of the
credibility of the words to people
who have previously
disappointed you with actions that are not
right not because someone disappoints you
then have to give weight and
credibility to some words from some
people who have previously You
have heard their atrocities that fit
with the choca has previously done
atrocities he has screwed up Now when he screws
up again or don't act
disappointed again It's not clear if it's in that
time for choca and look how he
continues attacking me so you can see that he
talks about me even if he doesn't say my name there are
people who told me There are people who were
never the villain involved a
person who had nothing to do with it and those people
communicated they said something they gave
credibility to those words of people
that previously you are hated
for a long time wait wait wait wait
wait it may be that he
puts a little bit of
Dallas in there put it in there  No, since
I'm throwing things out here a little bit, let's
see if you're going to talk about the
chocas speech, about the choca, let's see
what it matters, what it matters is to take it and say, Hey,
Dallas made three videos
that he shouldn't have made
because I have nothing to do with the
subject and Dallas made three
videos and he stuck it in my face, what does it matter if you
say that or if you say it's a
person who has already put me in three
videos that I gave our [ __ ] name,
honestly, I was missing something there. This is
what he said about Auron and Beijing. This is what he
said about the subject, I mean, he didn't even
say, Hey, they're not racists, I've
been with them in Mexico, we
tipped a waiter, no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no it's a joke, it's a joke, [ __ ], it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke,
[ __ ], look
what they sent me. Dude, says
Auron's mother gave me a like, where do I put Juan
Guarnizo, I don't know what more proof do you want? The
brother and the mother don't like him
cook nizo 10 days ago I already
told you this but there's also
a clip there's a clip out there recently I
saw it on Twitter it's nowhere to be now I
think the same guy has it on
his Twitter you're going to see auron the truth
is friends the only one the only person
who knows that I'm going to Spain are the
Kings because well I told the
presidents and Paul hasn't spoken to
anyone else Don't [ __ ] with this already waiting
guarnizo confirms that he hasn't spoken to
auron even though he's going to Barcelona
in fact when they've traveled to Spain
even if it wasn't to Barcelona even if it was
to Madrid they've gone
down to whatever city they were in
to see them I remember a dinner where
ibai 8 was I don't know if it was Madrid
or Barcelona I think it was Madrid and they
took off and went down to Madrid because
they were in Madrid when they had the
friendship the news not of the
friendship loud loud no
[Music]